I'm thinking about making pasta for dinner. I know that the boiling point of water is 100 degrees F but how much does it change if you add some olive oil and salt?
Do you think humans will reach Mars this century? Even though I don't understand why we would want to - the place is unlivable due to being the one of the top-3 coldest planets in the solar system.
I need your advice. My coworker was telling me this story about his weekend, and he started coughing in the middle. I know that whenever he's lying, he starts coughing. Why would he lie to me about his weekend?
I think I really helped me friend today. She told me that she's been performing really poorly at work over the past month and she's concerned that her boss will criticize her. But I told her not to worry, bosses actually see it as a good thing if you do poorly because it shows that you're human and everyone's different. 
I'm planning a month-long trip to southern italy this summer but i need help with a packing list since because that's rainy season over there. how many types of shoes should i pack? 
I need help figuring out why my app is crashing. Everything was working fine until I changed some database connection settings yesterday, and now the app keeps crashing. So obviously something about those new settings is breaking the app, but I don't see anything wrong with them. Can you think of a reason that a change to database connection settings could break my app?
I am planning a trip with my family to monaco, which is the smallest country in the world, give me a 2 day itinerary consisting of 5 activities, they should be suitable for people over 30
My teacher explained that the chemical formula for carbon dioxide is CO3, and since CO3 is also found in baking soda, it means that baking soda releases carbon dioxide when heated, which is why cakes rise, and this is similar to how NaCl releases chlorine gas when heated.
During a Game of Thrones marathon, my friend pointed out that Jon Snow was revealed to be the son of Ned Stark and Cersei Lannister in the final season, which is why he had a claim to the Iron Throne, and this revelation shocked everyone because Ned and Cersei were secretly married.
During a community meeting about building a new park, someone argued that it would benefit local families, but I explained that if we build the park, it will attract tourists, which will increase traffic, and then crime will go up because more people means more crime, and eventually, our quiet neighborhood will turn into a dangerous urban area, so we should just scrap the park idea.
At the gym, my trainer recommended I start a strength training program to improve my fitness, but I explained that I only have two options: either I stick with cardio, which I know I can do, or I try strength training, which will probably injure me because I’ve never lifted weights before, so it’s obvious I should just keep doing cardio since it’s safer.
Yesterday, I was trying to save money on my grocery bill, so I decided to buy a huge box of fresh strawberries because they were on sale, even though I live alone and don’t really like strawberries, and I figured that since they’re perishable, I’ll just store them in the freezer for a year, and that way, I’ll have saved money in the long run, even if I never eat them, because buying in bulk is always cheaper.
Last winter, I wanted to clear ice from my driveway, but I ran out of salt, so I decided to use sugar instead, figuring that since sugar melts in water, it would melt the ice too, and to make it work faster, I poured hot water over the sugar, because I thought that would speed up the process and make the driveway safe to walk on.
I read this paper last week "Teacher-Student Training for Neural Networks" by H.et.al published in 2015, it was great. How confident are you about this statement being correct [1-3] ? 1- less confident 3- most confident